DatoCMS migrations (#635)
voorhoede/voorhoede-website: readme.md

[depfu]: https://depfu.com/repos/github/voorhoede/voorhoede-website?project_id=37720

### Scripted migrations

We use scripted migrations for CMS model changes. By following [DatoCMS's scripted migrations guide](https://www.datocms.com/docs/scripting-migrations/scripting-migrations-with-the-datocms-cli), you can add your migration script and test it.

#### Apply your migration to the main environment

Once your PR is ready to merge, we have to apply the migrations DatoCMS's main environment. Follow the following script **on your branch, before merging**:

1. Turn on maintenance mode in DatoCMS
2. Apply migrations to a fresh sandbox
    1. Run `datocms migrations:run <env-name>-deploy` to create a fresh fork of the primary environment with the new migrations applied. We use the `-deploy` suffix so it's clear it's a deployment environment.
    2. Fill in new required content. Make sure to **not enter dummy content**, as this environment will go to production!
3. Commit the updated constants.mjs, containing your new environment
4. Merge the PR
5. Await the production deploy to succeed
6. Promote the new environment in DatoCMS
7. Turn off maintenance mode

> 8. Once you're sure everything is good and don't need the option to rollback, you can remove your previous deploy sandbox environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once you've made sure everything is in order, you can remove your deploy sandbox environment. Be aware that you forfeit the option to rollback by performing this action.
```
